Huaijin
The candidate called to say he had a family matter
Can't come to the interview
Such an unpunctual person
Let's just disqualify him from the interview
Reschedule me
OK.
in case
It's not that you can hide from me for the rest of your life
Then my desk is out of power.
It's time to change, then my quality is not good either.
Do you want to change it too?
What do you mean?
You are the best gift God has given to your mother
What about mom's pasta?
noisy
They have rescheduled with their mother
Today is my brother's birthday
What would you like to eat?
Just have mom with you
Go to sleep
Minecraft
Zhou Huaijin
What do you want to do in 10 years?
Ten years later.
I don't know what I'm doing.
But the only thing I can be sure of is
I'm still with my favorite late night
Hey, are you a hooligan?
I'm playing a hooligan, get out
Ah!
Haha
This angle looks good from this angle
Zhou Huaiji
I miss you so much!